{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
1.  \cf1\ul vijayguru  trust\cf0\ulnone\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://vijaygurutrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://vijaygurutrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Mission\par
 We transform lives through HIV/AIDS training care, community awareness by road show and rural meetings in SAARC countries of India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh. An AIDS protest road show, signature campaign, and car shows were to be held in the city in support in SAARC countries.\par
\par
Vision     Volunteer trip it is a recognized international model that sets the standards for comprehensive HIV/AIDS awareness and knowledge. Because of our work, people are empowered with HIV/AIDS in a supportive community with access to the best care and open communication research for a cure.\par
\par
Goal-To contribute towards the improvement of the quality of life and health, hygienic, clean environments and sanitation of people, and their families.\par
About us    Mr. Sivakumar and Mr. Thirupathi raj, we are two persons self interested in social work and voluntary services, we didn\rquote t need any govt fund or others funds, it a first time we need fund from NACO. We are first time to go to SAARC friendship countries for awareness and creating hard work people development, and myself i Sivakumar, had interest in social service when I was a B.Sc Hotel management college  student. So I engaged with lions club in 2000-2003 and I started the branch of lion club\rquote s LEO Club and served a lot of social services. But in 2005 I got registration to my service and I gave up \ldblquote free computer education\rdblquote . I run my own local free Newspaper name of \ldblquote Vijay guru news\rdblquote  govt. register no. TNBIL/2011/35647, At the same I am directing and producing a lot of documentary and short films and I have joined with the Indian Government\rquote s youth development department of Nehru yuva kendra and took over a lot of social services. The important thing is, I had an interest to share the culture qualities and gave my services to the youngsters. I am also interested in women economic development of self help group motivation, naturopathy food, historical exploration research, mountaineering and trekking in HIMALAYAS. I have a sweet and bakery shop in the name of RAJAPALAYAM RAJA SWEETS since 1965\par
\par
2. St.John Society for Development Services\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.stjohnsociety.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.stjohnsociety.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
St.John Society for Development Services"-Established in the year of 1989(Regd No:46/1989).Since that time it is working for the Deprived, Downtrodden and Disabled (Differentially Abled Person with Disabilities) in lacking of economical and educational status, as the coordinating bridge and guide too\par
\par
3.  ORGANISATION OF DEVELOPMENT ACTION AND MAINTENANCE (\ldblquote ODAM\rdblquote ) \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.odamindia.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.odamindia.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
The ORGANISATION OF DEVELOPMENT ACTION AND MAINTENANCE (\ldblquote ODAM\rdblquote ) works to address rural poverty, women\rquote s empowerment, child welfare, climate change, human rights to education, health, and safety. Since 1996, ODAM\rquote s female empowerment and rural development programs have improved the quality of life for thousands of women and their families in Tamil Nadu, India.\par
\par
ODAM was established in 1995 under the Tamil Nadu Societies Registration Act of 1975. The organization\rquote s work is spread across 278 villages, impacting over 14,000 men, women, and children in the Tiruchuli, Narikudi, Kariyapatti, Aruppukottai and Watrap blocks of the Virudhunagar district; Kamuthi, Mandapam  and Thiruppullani  blocks in the Ramnad district of Tamil Nadu, South India.\par
\par
4. St.Peter Paul Educational and Cultural Trust (SPECT) \par
\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://spectmugaiyur.webs.com }}{\fldrslt{https://spectmugaiyur.webs.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
 \par
St.Peter Paul Educational and Cultural Trust (SPECT) is a pioneer Non Governmental Organization in Villupuram District, Tamilnadu, India. The trust started in 1991 when a group of energetic young teachers, academics and social scientists joined together and implemented solutions for children with disabilities and Dalit children.\par
 St. Peter Paul Elementary School for Dalit Children\par
\par
In the 1980s, the village of Puravadai had a government school for Dalit children, which got destroyed by natural disaster and was never rebuilt. As this was the opportunity for high caste people to take advantage of the situation (e.g. with bonded labour system), SPECT decided to establish the school for Dalit Children. As a result of this effort, the forced bondage labor system suffered by the Dalit has been eliminated in the village. \par
\par
Computer Training Centre for the the Disabled Children\par
\par
In order to achieve provide computer training to the students, a well-equipped Information Technology program is offered. A computer room opened in 2008 within the campus of SPECT. In the future, the children who are taught computer literacy can find a adequate employment in the job market.\par
\par
Play Center for the Disabled Children\par
\par
In the year 2013, SPECT established a play centre at its campus for the disabled children. The major aim of this project is to provide the opportunity to the disabled children to play with toys and games which develops their skills and ability. More over pleasure of play is the most important one during their childhood for every children. We follow the ESAR methodology which enables the children to free play with the support of trained animators in play and disability.\par
\par
5. Hebron Education and Charitable Trust \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.hebrontrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.hebrontrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Hebron Education and Charitable Trust is educating rural village children of India. Through Hebron Metric. Hr.Sec. School in Tamilnadu State of India. We provide education to nearly 1100 children. This facility is needed for more children in grass root level. To educate more children we need support to create necessary facilities to educate more children. you may sponsor a child's educational expense of $25 Per month.\par
If we educate and empower the women the whole family will be safe and self sustained. Hebron Education and Charitable Trust is giving self Employment Training Life Tailoring, Computer Education, etc. through It's Technical Training Institute in India. You may sponsor a women by donating one time sponsorship of $50.\par
\par
6.  \cf1\ul help trust\cf0\ulnone\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://helptrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://helptrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
VISION\par
To provide underprivileged children with an opportunity to have access to basic education and skills in order to make them self reliant thereby contributing towards the productivity and growth of the nation.\par
\par
We Believe That\par
Every child deserves a childhood\par
There is a great potential in every person\par
There is a great potential in every person\par
Education should be given freely\par
Education drives sustainable change\par
Together we can make this world better for these children and make a positive difference in their lives\par
MISSION\par
Our mission is to provide basic education and skills to underprivileged children to identify and develop inner latent talents and skills through our Evening School & Child Development initiatives\par
\par
7. \cf1\ul navajeevan trust\cf0\ulnone\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.navajeevantrustktm.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.navajeevantrustktm.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Our Profile\par
A medical college attendant helps lunatics regain control of their minds\par
\par
Thomas, 66, has worked wonders on scores of lunatics, many of them women, picked up from the streets and brought to Navajeevan, his noble rehabilitation centre.\par
\par
A shrink would not have had the time or patience to calm down \lquote Reverse\rquote  Abu and Shivaji. He would, perhaps, have prescribed the strait-jackets or the shock therapy for the two violently insane men who roamed through the streets of Kottayam in Kerala. But a lowly attendant at the Kottayam Medical College tried a rather unusual method, not found in the psychology textbooks, to treat them.\par
\par
For two years, P.U. Thomas looked after them in a building he had rented for sheltering lunatics wandering in the streets. He minis\-tered to their every need, prayed for them and slowly led them to the magic world of meditation. Abu and Shivaji left the warm and friendly place in full control of their minds. Both still keep in touch with their slightly-built saviour.\par
\par
That was his first attempt at rehabilitating insane people reduced to beggary. Since then, Thomas, 66, has worked wonders on scores of lunatics, many of them women, picked up from the streets and brought to Navajeevan, his tiny rehabilitation centre.\par
\par
Navajeevan and the brain behind it never cease to amaze the psychiatry department of the Kottayam medical College. But Thomas, 66, attributes his success with mental patients to his language of love. Not surprisingly, he has little difficulty interacting with inmates from outside Kerala thoughhe knows only Malayalam. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know any other lan\-guage. But the language of love binds us all,\rdblquote  says the healer. \ldblquote Just love them and pray to God,\rdblquote  he says with a disarming smile.\par
\par
About 3500 of his patients have returned to their families after regaining their mental balance; the others are on their way to recov\-ery. Many like the fully cured, Kumari, Sarsamma and Sulu have turned volunteers and chosen Navajeevan as their adopted home.\par
\par
It is still a mystery how Manubhai, a Rajasthani, reached Kottayam. Many anti\-social elements had taken advantage of her madness while she wandered around. Thomas found her on the streets, big with child. \ldblquote There is no end to the harassment and torture these women are subjected to. Anti-social elements sexually exploit them and when they get pregnant, their fate is worse than that of street dogs. There is nobody to take care of them; their life is an endless nightmare,\rdblquote  says Thomas who regularly hits the road looking for Manubhais. He also scans the newspapers to find out about people in need of a loving place.\par
\par
A calm atmosphere prevails inside.\par
\par
Navajeevan, near the medical college campus. Howls and wild cries rarely puncture its serenity. Nor are there armed guards or cells, to restrain patients prone to violence. They sit around in groups and chat up student volun\-teers from the nearby Assisi seminary. Most of them are waiting for their dear ones to come and take them home. \ldblquote The joy of getting back a relative considered dead or lost, has to be seen to be believed,\rdblquote  says Thomas. Navajeevan spares no effort in locating the addresses and relatives of its patients.\par
\par
It was a reunion scene that he had witnessed way back in 1982 at the mental ward of the medical college that prompted Thomas to dedicate his life to the cause of the mentally ill. The police had brought a deranged devotee of Ayappa to the mental ward. \ldblquote It was clear that some sudden shock had upset his mental equilibrium and memory,\rdblquote  recalls Thomas. A few days later, his brother arrivedfrom Coimbatore after seeing his picture in a newspaper. \ldblquote On getting a hug from his brother, the deranged regained his memory and got over his madness. They left the hospital elated. It was a touching moment. I thought of all those lunatics wandering in the streets without anyone to care for them and made up my mind to do something for them,\rdblquote says he.\par
\par
His work does not stop with caring for the mentally ill. When he is not at\par
\par
Navajeevan, he can be found running around the medical college hospital distrib\-uting free food, clothes and medicines and ensuring that no patient is left unattended in the wards.\par
\par
\ldblquote Where would people like us have been but for Thomas chettan(elder brother). We could never have dreamed of tasting a full meal complete with side dishes like the one he serves us with love. This is all beyond our wildest imagination,\rquote  says Kunjannamma, whose brother is undergoing treatment at the orthopaedics ward. The doctors and patients alike agree that Thomas and his team of young volunteers have made the medical college a better place for thousands of poor people. Thomas knows from experience what it is to be a patient with an empty pocket in a general ward. About 30 years ago, he had spent 22 painful days in a dirty ward. To save on bus fare, the seriously-ill Thomas had walked all the way to the hospital from his home, several miles away.\par
\par
His stay there opened his eyes to the plight of the poor in government-run hospi\-tals. \ldblquote No one seemed to care for the helpless patients groaning with pain. It really moved me and I resolved to do something for them once I was out of the hospital. How I wished for a job in the hospital.\rdblquote\par
\par
For the next few years he slogged as a book binder in a press. Yet he found time to visit the hospital daily to help and pray for the poor patients. He would dig into his own pocket to buy medicines for total strangers. In 1969, his dream came true and he landed a job in the medical college as a part-time attendant.\par
\par
At long last, he was in familiar surroundings and rubbing shoulders with people he admired and respected. Like Dr Kalyani, who became his role model in social work. \ldblquote She was a rare human being. She would invite vagabonds and street urchins to her home and feed them with love. She was like an angel for these people shunned by society. I was deter\-mined to follow her example,\rdblquote  says Thomas.\par
\par
In 1980, he got a juicy offer from a private company in Thiruvananthapuram\par
\par
just when he was confirmed in service by the medical college. But no amount of money could turn him away from the path he had chosen to take. His social work had by then won him lots of friends and fans even among the doctors, nurses and medical students. They often joined him in distributing food and medicines.\par
\par
What has become a highly organised free food distribution system started in a very humble way: Thomas would buy food from nearby hotels and take it to the wards all by himself. \ldblquote I have never begged for money to carry out my work. Whenever the need arose, I would pray to God for help. Somehow, He made sure that money did not stand in the way. Total strangers would come to me and hand over cash.\rdblquote  And some shopkeepers never asked him to pay up.\par
\par
With increasing numbers turning to him for their lunch, Thomas started preparing food in the kitchen of a nearby house and took it to the hospital in an auto. Later he rented a building to serve as a kitchen.\par
\par
The rich too have tasted his generosity. On bandh days, he extends his free-meal scheme to all the patients and their relatives: he had served a record 5,000 people on one bandh. \ldblquote Thomas chettanhas made all that possible. We never thought we would be able to do that. We have learned that; prayers can work miracles. There is any number of volun\-teers ready to bear the cost of food for a day,\rdblquote  says Aneeb Panjikaran, an associate of Thomas.\par
\par
Thomas has bigger plans for Navajeevan. Many more deranged minds stand to benefit when he shifts his rehabilitation centre to a bigger building on a neighbouring plot. He is banking on public contribution to raise money for the Rs 9 lakh project. It goes against his principle to accept aid from the govern\-ment; religious bodies or foreign agencies. \ldblquote It is very easy to Collect money from them. But that would defeat our very purpose as such donors lay down pre\-conditions for aid. We accept contributions only from those who fully endorse our activities. It costs around Rs 1,750 daily to run Navajeevan.(N0W 1 LAKHS) The building\rquote s rent alone works out to Rs 2,200 a month. But without asking for anybody\rquote s assistance, we are flooded with contribution from well- wishers\rdblquote , says Thomas.\par
\par
Navajeevan gets a lot of inquiries from swank families keen on getting rid of a loose screw. But it is a firm no from Thomas who is not interested in the fabulous sums up for grabs. \ldblquote The rich think that we can be bought with their money. This is a shelter only for deranged people who have no one to look after them.\rdblquote  However, he might bend the rules in the near future to take in lunatics from very poor families who cannot afford the money to care for them.\par
\par
For the record, Navajeevan is registered as a trust\f1\emdash not a very pleasant word for Thomas. \ldblquote It has been formed as a trust only for practical purposes: It is a body of Christian love and prayer rather than a trust,\rdblquote  he insists. For his associates, Navajeevan is Thomas. \ldblquote His love and trust in God keep Navajeevan running. We are all here because of Thomas,\rdblquote  says Rejimon, one of the first to team up with him.\par
\par
It is a round-the-clock mission for Thomas and his family is fully behind him in his Endeavour to make the world kinder for them mentally ill. \ldblquote We are proud of his work. It is God working through him. He would rather we go without food than his children at Navajeevan,\rdblquote says his wife Laisamma.They have five children: the light of the Thomas household is the youngest, a mentally retarded child, born paralyzed. Thomas believes that God gifted him this child only because he had the trust in him. \ldblquote I thank God for this child,\rdblquote  he smiles. ((Quoted in The Week dated Apr. 23, 1995).\f0\par
\par
8. Rural Reconstruction Organization \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.rroindia.in/index.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.rroindia.in/index.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Rural Reconstruction Organization is a registered charitable organization in Tirunelveli District of Tamilnadu in India.Our organization was established with dedicated and committed individuals together. RURAL RECONSTRUCTION ORGANISATION is working for Rural Poor Communities in Tirunelveli District for past 15 years. It has better experience in organizing people\rquote s organisations like self help groups and federations among Women and Youth.\par
\par
9. SIVA Trust \par
\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.sivatrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.sivatrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
SIVA Trust is a registered non government organisation (NGO) based at Tirunelveli district in Tamilnadu, India. SIVA Trust works for the welfare of the marginalised poor and downtrodden people. SIVA Trust works in the areas of health, education, environment protection and overall community development through direct program outreach activities with the dedicated and trained staff team. \par
10. SKGA (Sri Kanyakumari Gurukula Ashram)\par
\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.skga.co.in }}{\fldrslt{http://www.skga.co.in\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Children First! That is our main priority here at Sri Kanyakumari Gurukula Ashram, referred to as SKGA.\par
\par
SKGA is a non-profit organisation selflessly fulfilling a vital social responsibility of servering abandoned infants, children who have lost either one or both of their parent, destitute and neglected children - all of them needing love, care and protection.\par
\par
SKGA offers the children total care, education and habilitation free of cost. We help them to enjoy their childhood and begin a new way of life with peace, joy, health, happiness, hope and to regain their self-image, self-confidence and dignity. The children are cared for regardless of sex, age, culture, creed, caste or community.\par
\par
At SKGA, the children are cared for from childhood to young adulthood and till every one is habited. On this website you will see the good work that has been done by SKGA by means of dontations and the dedication of volenteers. You will see happy children that have been given more than just food and education. This dirrives from the mantra in our daily prairs - Om Sakthi - Om is accepted as the primordial sound in the universe. universe. Sakthi translates into positive moving energy.\par
\par
Vision and Mission\par
The aim is to freely provide to orphans and destitute children, happy shelter, food, loving care and maintenance, good education and help to settle happily in life.\par
\par
SKGA\rquote s Vision is Children are loved, brought up healthy in safe, happy environment, their uniqueness is recognized and respected, are educated well, have faith in God, trust in people and Society, develop dignity, self-image, self-confidence, and self-respect, have health, happiness, and hope.\par
\par
SKGA\rquote s Mission is to Give to orphans and destitute poor children free, long term shelter, food, loving care and maintenance, education and habilitation support.\par
\par
Sri - Is a Sanskrit word meaning \lquote auspicious\rquote . It is also used as a word or address of respect\par
\par
Kanyakumari - Is the name of the Virgin Goddess in the historic and most famous Temple called by Her name in the Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu district, South India. There is a famous Gayatri Mantra in Her name in very old spiritual texts containing teachings of great value. They speak about the Soul or \lquote Atman\rquote  of Man.\par
\par
Gurukula - Is a Sanskrit word. The Guru is a mentor, a guide or a teacher who teaches and guides his students or disciples. \lquote Kula\rquote  means the house, family or tradition of the Guru. The students stay with the Guru in his house till the completion of their studies. From ancient times, a gurukula has been a place where children go to live and study under a guru (mentor).\par
\par
Ashram - Translates to a house of peace and abundance. It is the place where people seeking spiritual enlightenment could gather to meditate and lead peaceful lives and seek knowledge\par
\par
11. Anbalayam\par
\par
web-  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://tnfusa.org/anbalayam/ }}{\fldrslt{https://tnfusa.org/anbalayam/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Anbalayam, in English, means loving home. Anbalayam, located in the rural town of Sirkali is the home for 55 special-needs children. The home was founded in a rundown rental building by Ms. Meerabai Ekambaram, a local resident with a heart as big as it can be. There are more than 10 million special-needs children in India. Most of the children were abandoned by their parents in public places like bus stands, railroad stations and local markets, with the hope that somehow their children will be taken care of. When Mrs. Meerabai founded Anbalayam in 1998 she had picked the children wandering around in the bus stand at Sirkali. Anbalayam\rquote s children have the typical maladies of special-needs children, mental retardation, cerebral palsy, Downs Syndrome, autism and multiple disabilities. Genetic consanguinity (marrying close relations) is one of the significant causes of offspring that are diagnosed with special-needs. Genetic consanguinity is not un-common, even in highly educated communities in Tamil Nadu.\par
\par
Dr. Somalay Somasundaram, TNF Director, who was involved with a girls and women empowerment project in Vedaranyam, was made aware of the plight of the children of Anbalayam in Sirkali. He visited Anbalayam in 2006 and to his dismay found that the children starved most of the days. The orphanage was in such a bad condition that when it rained the children had to stand along the wall because the roof leaked badly. A focused effort by Dr. Somalay in raising funds through Philadelphia Tamil community resulted in a building of 3,000 square feet in TNF owned four grounds of new land. Tamil Sangam of central Indiana and Dallas-based Sastha Tamil foundation (through \ldblquote Angel Janani\rdblquote  project) made the initial contributions to a corpus fund that will help meet the operating expenses for Anbalayam in a sustainable manner. Thanks to the generosity of American Tamil community, Rs. 1 crore has been raised for that corpus fund.  Stage Friends USA helped build an Education Center for the children and American Tamil Medical Organization enabled weekly visits by a physician to provide basic health care for the children. Anbalayam has become a testimonial to partnership among American Tamil organizations in helping the neediest and for the ability of TNF to execute challenging projects in rural Tamil Nadu.\par
12. Care and Share Charitable Trust \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.cstrichy.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.cstrichy.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Care and Share Charitable Trust located at Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu is the endeavour of the Franciscan Missionary Brothers (CMSF), St.John De Britto Province (Tamil Nadu), established in 2004. It plans, initiates and executes the social projects in the state of Tamil Nadu to provide a better, systematic and scientific approach to social service and developmental projects of the Franciscan Missionary Brothers.\par
Vision:\par
\par
We envision a world where the poor will have equal opportunities to improve their quality of life to end hunger and poverty .\par
Our Mission:\par
\par
Care and Share is a non-profit organization that enables impoverished families and communities especially women and children to overcome hunger, sickness and poverty by identifying key needs and provide the tools necessary for empowerment to lead self-sustaining and fulfilling lives.\par
13.  DEPRESSED PEOPLE'S WELFARE ASSOCIATION\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.dpwa.in }}{\fldrslt{http://www.dpwa.in\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
DPWA owes its origin to the grass root level dedicated social activist and a native Roman Catholic Priest of Trichy District Father S.Dhanapragasam. Having served as a catholic priest for eight years, he resigned his ministry during the process of his treatment to the near fatal injuries he sustained in a road accident on 28th February '85. First as a priest and later as a social worker for all, irrespective of caste/creed, he dedicated himself for the uplift and emancipation of the rural poor. This he had intended to accomplish by liberating these people from their ignorance, unorganized state of affairs, social oppression and from the clutches of poverty.\par
\par
All along his dedication, his mind and heart in unison had nurtured a strong concern for the poor children of the area. Their needs and necessities attracted his prime attention. Through trial and error process, he had come to the firm conviction that if his vision to acquire a clear shape, he needed to ORGANISE various activities to benefit the target group in an orderly fashion.\par
\par
Born out of this firm conviction was the formation of the Society under the name of DEPRESSED PEOPLE'S WELFARE ASSOCIATION. This non-profit and non-communal rural development society was founded by him in 1985. This society enjoyed the support and the blessings of the local elders of Tiruchirapalli District and was registered under the Society's Act vide No. Sl 29/1985. The administrative office of D.P.W.A. is operating from 25, Annai Nagar, Pitchandarkoil Post, Trichy 621 216, Tamil Nadu. This society is registered under section 10A, 80G of income tax department. This society also has the registration under Foreign Contribution Regulation(FCRA), Home Ministry, Govt. of India under no. 07604099.\par
\par
14. \f1 Intact \f0\lang1033 (Integrated Action trust)\lang9\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://intactindia.org }}{\fldrslt{http://intactindia.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Intact works to empower marginalised individuals in society by creating opportunities for independent living. We want to achieve a society where everyone, regardless of caste, ethnicity, gender, religion, colour and ability is accepted and given equal opportunities \f1\endash  without discrimination. \par
\par
Intact is a non-profit, charity organisation that endeavors to connect people across the world to attain a new order of life by sharing and caring. You can join us to make a difference in the lives of individuals with intellectual disabilities, mountain tribes and poor women.\par
\f0\par
15. \cf1 merit foundation\cf0\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://meritfoundation.org }}{\fldrslt{https://meritfoundation.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
 \par
Founded in 2015 and based in Lakeland, Florida, Merit Foundation's mission is, "Partnering to improve lives worldwide."  It is our vision to see less poverty and more hope in the world.  Merit Foundation works with community members and leaders on social and economic development goals.  We are a 501(c)3 Public Charity.\par
\par
Merit Foundation was formed to provide a link through which individuals and organizations could partner together to improve lives around the world.  Together with the YMCA, Merit Foundation is investing in developing communities in Northern Laos.  After conducting research on various means to lift the economic standing of rural Lao families, it became clear that small, agricultural business initiatives would serve provide both a short and long term benefit.  This led to the creation of a micro-finance project which provides micro-loans and training for mushroom farming.  To learn more please check out Our Work.\par
16. Samugam\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://samugam.org }}{\fldrslt{http://samugam.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Samugam is a non-profit, community-based organization that was founded on 9 May, 1991 by Mr. C. Jesudhasan Savio. His mission has been continued and broadened by his son, Bruno Savio; currently the director of Samugam.Rita Vandenberghe and her daughter Nele Degryse from Belgium are the roots for Samugam and its all activities.Their energy is still traveling in all our charity projects.The Degryse family is a home away home for Samugam family in India\par
\par
17. Peace Trust \par
\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.peacetrust.in }}{\fldrslt{http://www.peacetrust.in\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Peace Trust is a non-partisan, non-political, secular and non-governmental organisation engaged in promoting eradication of child labour, welfare of migrant labour, protection of environment and awareness of health and hygiene. It believes in sustainable development with equitable distribution of the fruits of development and equal opportunities for all citizens.\par
Genesis\par
Peace Trust was established in 1984 at Dindigul in Tamil Nadu state. It was founded by Joseph Paul Baskar who had been engaged in social work for several years, helping the child labourers to get released from hazardous industries like tanneries and cotton mills. At present the area of operation of the Trust spans six districts of TamilNadu, viz., Dindigul, Karur, Siva Gangai, Coimbatore, Chennai and Nagapattinam\par
18. ANAWIM TRUST \par
\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.anawimtrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.anawimtrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
ANAWIM TRUST (ANAWIM in Hebrew means Poor) was initiated in 1993 by a group of concerned individuals from Tuticorin District in the southeastern coast of Tamil Nadu.  \par
ANAWIM works with the rural communities of Tiruchendur Taluk, Tuticorin District facing severe marginalisation in social, economic and cultural terms.  Most of the village people survive by providing unskilled labour for daily wages. \par
Support the empowerment of rural communities in the exercising of their rights and increased access to natural resources in order to have greater control over their lives, livelihoods and environment.\par
19. Anbu Ullangal \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.anbuullangal.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.anbuullangal.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Anbu Ullangal in the regional language means loving hearts-is the name of our home which gives shelter to the needed. Anbu Ullangal is registered under the trust act of 1961 in the year 1962 and is protecting orphans, deserted women, old people, physically handicapped and the mentally retorted for the past eighteen years.It was started by Mr.Sathya Samuel who had a broader vision and for those were deserted by the society and were not recognized by the society.In the beginning he started Anbu Ullangal with four or five old people who deserted by their families at Satankulam, a village near Tirunelveli district, Tamilnadu, India.\par
\par
Then he found that there were orphan children too, who needed care and concern. Mr.Sathya Samuel who was basically a school teacher understood the need of children.Out of his own earnings he bought 1 acre and 75 cent of land in Kootampuli, a small village in Tuticorin district, Tamilnadu, India and started building the home with the help of local philanthropists. The home started growing slowly and has grown much now. It has 137 intimates at present. The home is run with the help of local people. As the home situated in rural area and run with local funds, the home is not receiving any government funds from the state or central government.\par
\par
20. Calvary Chapel Trust \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.calvarychapelindia.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.calvarychapelindia.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
OUR MISSION\par
We at Calvary Chapel Trust are committed to serve orphaned, destitute and underprivileged children. We provide compassionate and holistic care to the marginalized in our society especially the children. We nurture, care, educate and train children to realize their potential to become contributing member of the society / nation.\par
\par
ABOUT US\par
Calvary Chapel Trust is a registered organization which was founded in the year 1989 with five children at Koramangala slum in Bengaluru by Bro. L. Gunasekaran. Today it caters to more than 5000 children. Calvary Chapel Trust is committed to child protection by keeping children safe from risk or perceived risk to their childhood. Calvary chapel Trust further recognizes that children are vulnerable; hence protection from harmful situation is our prime focus. Calvary Chapel Trust endeavours to provide that security net for appropriate care and protection.\par
21. \cf1\ul maitr isociety\cf0\ulnone\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.maitrisociety.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.maitrisociety.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Origin & Background\par
The miserable living conditions of the most vulnerable segments of society in the Theni Block of Theni district motivated a Social activist with other Social workers to form the MAITRI Society. MAITRI (A Sanskrit word means \ldblquote Friendship\rdblquote  ) is a registered Voluntary Organization working for the welfare of the rural people particularly women and children irrespective of caste, color, and creed since 1992. MAITRI committee consists of 8 members from different walks of lifes. MAITRI beliefs in gender equality and do practice by sharing the responsibilities to them. A professional woman Social Worker as Director heads the program and the board of members headed by a senior well-known women social worker as President.  MAITRI has infrastructure facilities including qualified personal to take up any sort of programs\par
22. Sakthi\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://vidiyal-children.org }}{\fldrslt{http://vidiyal-children.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Sakthi is a registered nonprofit secular organization registered under Tamilnadu Societies Registration Act 27 of 1975 Old S.No.50 of 1993, New S.No.185 of 2006. Vidiyal was founded in 1996 as a program of Sakthi in the city of Madurai to provide safety and support to children in need of care and protection, especially \f1\endash  street children, runaway children, abandoned children, working children, children from excluded communities and children facing difficulties. Vidiyal provided the children with opportunities to work through their problems and offered support and guidance. Vidiyal focuses on the social inclusion of children, child rights and child participation.\par
\par
Though Sakthi is the registered legal entity, VIDIYAL has gained the patronage from the general public, earned goodwill of the communities we partner with and attained popularity. Today we use Sakthi and Vidiyal inter changeably or sometimes together like Sakthi \endash  Vidiyal to ensure a clear understanding of the nature of relationship. Though Vidiyal was initiated as a natural response to the need of that time, now it has grown beyond the charity mode and taken Children\rquote s Rights as the frame work for its operation.\par
\par
Background\par
\par
Urban poverty in Tamilnadu in 93 -94 was reportedly at 80.4 Lakh. Children from marginalized, discriminated, migratory and disadvantaged communities living in congested unhygienic tenements are the worst affected by poverty. Inadequate schooling, verbal and corporal abuse in schools resulted in school dropouts. Children roaming in the streets are a common sight in the city of Madurai. Children, work as rag pickers, scavengers, polish shoes and do menial chores for low wages and are treated despicably as cheap labor in roadside shops and small eateries. Vidiyal was established to challenge the existing discriminatory practices faced by children in the family, society and in schools. Vidiyal enables these children who are at the bottom rung to avail opportunities for holistic growth through child resource centres and education. Vidiyal works to endorse and establish Child Rights.\f0\par
23. \cf1 vasantham charitable trust\cf0\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://vasanthamcharitabletrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://vasanthamcharitabletrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
WHO WE ARE\par
THIS DEED OF DECLARATION OF TRUST is executed at Chennai on this the K.Karuthapandi aged around 43 years and residing at No 1/246 Second Street Rajiv Gandhi Nagar Vengambakkam (Via) Vandalur Chennai \f1\endash  600127\par
\par
HEREINAFTER CALLED THE AUTHOR OF THE TRUST\par
WHERAS the AUTHOR of the Trust has set apart a sum of Rs.1000/-(Rupees One Thousand Only) for public charitable purposes and objects of general public utility for the benefit of the public.\par
\par
The office of the Trust shall be situated at such place or places as may be decided by the Trustees, from time to time.\f0\par
24. Deepam Global Charitable Trust \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.deepamglobal.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.deepamglobal.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
DEEPAM Global is one of the Chennai best NGO Management models revolves around the Donor(primary contributor of financial/emotional needs), a Service provider(existing infrastructure to support the Beneficiary) and the Beneficiary(final recipient of support). DEEPAM also realizes that many donors currently do not have the direct knowledge of the beneficiary and do not feel the real cause and need of said service done. At the same time, most of the beneficiary look up to the Donor not only for financial assistance but more for emotional and personalized support Chennai best NGO.\par
\par
Deepam Global Charitable Trust through its primary research understands that there are many service providers with basic infrastructure but not so organized in terms of database, systems, and resource to deliver the required service to the beneficiary in a sustainable way. Most of the Service Provider have to run day to day for their financial needs and do not spend quality time on service.\par
\par
Deepam Global Charitable Trust in Chennai realizes the need for robust IT infrastructure which could link all the stakeholders thereby administers the complete value chain through its IT portal.\par
\par
Deepam Global Charitable Trust definitely requires the support of like-minded people for execution and takes the great privilege to invite the Volunteer and register through our Associate Portal.\par
\par
Deepam Global Charitable Trust in Chennai model facilitates Organ Donation and Adoption (pre-qualifying the child (data registered in portal after all approvals), registering and qualifying the adoptee for perfect matching). This model of DEEPAM ensures one child is taken care through its life.\par
\par
Deepam Global Charitable Trust in Chennai also ensures that the adopted kid is taken care through an audit every year (adoptee to pay for the cost involved till the age of 18 Years) Chennai best NGO.\par
25. Ransom Educational and Social Trust\par
\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ransomtrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ransomtrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
REST inception from a small beginning with working on education issues, REST has today made significant inroads in the fields of Children education, strengthening human capabilities and building institutions of self-governance at the slum community level. This work has enabled REST to gain a deeper and more understanding of both the complex nature of the systems it is engaging with and what it takes to engender change within them.\par
\par
In order to develop the organization\rquote s strategies are being carried out at all levels with the community. All the conversations have focused on exploring what has been achieved so far, distilling the lessons learned from this experience, understanding the changing context and identifying the challenges. Based on this, visions from the community were integrated and combined with visions and strategies evolved at the community level and consolidated into the programmes. To support strategic decision-making process a qualitative & quantitative data were collected by the survey. Multiple opportunities are being provided for the results of this strategy-making process to be questioned and refined by staff and communities from across the organization\rquote s work area.\par
\par
For years, we have found it to be a core factor in our ability to remain transparent, just and respectful of diversity.\par
\par
One more year has passed 365 days of trials and tribulations, endurance and perseverance, culminating in great achievements and jubilation. Bountiful blessings from the Almighty, generous support from the benefactors, timely assistance from the authorities, dedicated service from the staff and, above all, whole hearted cooperation from the beneficiaries and the public at large, at every step of the way, lightened our yoke and turned every thorn into a rose petal. Nothing else really matters. We must also look forward and gear up for the immense work awaiting us in the field of social service that uplifts the oppressed, awakens the depressed, comforts the deprived and rehabilitates the displaced. Let us hitch our wagon to the stars and strive to move farther and farther, higher and higher, swifter and swifter, in this year of the Olympics. Thanking everyone for their support and cooperation, I present herewith the Annual Report of Peace Trust for the year 2011-2012.\par
\par
REST-RANSOM EDUCATIONAL AND SOCIAL TRUST is a well known non-profit & non-govt. organization in Tiruvallur, Tamil nadu State, India. It aims at facilitating a process to establish a just and healthy society in which the poorest of the slums poor gets the power to maintain a better and qualitative life with equal access and control over the education and resources.\par
\par
And this is possible with opportunities to knowledge, information, resources & participation in decision making process. It also committed to the implementation of socio-economic development of marginalized sections of society since its inception in 2010. At present our development initiative covers more than hundred poor, vulnerable and weaker section population including women, children, elderly, disabled, destitute, small & marginal farmers, rural artisans and other such underprivileged. It has developed an integrated strategy by combining direct service delivery approach and development support activities like research, advocacy, networking etc.\par
\par
Considering the primary objectives & aims of organization at the very broad level the programs undertaken during the year 2011-2012 can be divided into various areas. By having skilled and professional staffs, REST runs a number of programs like sustainable socio-economic development of slums communities, taking special care of child education, environment education, sexual & reproductive health education, non-formal education to girl children, ensuring basic health needs, SHG empowerment through & income generation programs etc. It's intervention area also extended with elderly care, support to people with disability and HIV/ AIDS, with local knowledge and resources.\par
26. Sevalaya\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://sevalay.org }}{\fldrslt{http://sevalay.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Sevalaya is a not for profit, non governmental organization for kids with HIV AIDS. It is a Dream Ravi Bapatle turned to reality, a home for these kids.\par
\par
It is based on a farmland donated by a generous farmer \ldblquote Manmatappa Mukta\rdblquote  near the village of Hasegaon in Latur District of State of Maharashtra in India.\par
\par
It has around 60-70 children of different age groups. They follow a routine as any other kid of their age of going to school, playing and studying, forgetting all their health and other problems. This is one of the major goals of Sevalaya, to give them a normal life.\par
\par
Our Mission\par
Providing a \ldblquote Home\rdblquote  for children with HIV AIDS and taking care of their food clothing shelter education healthcare and overall development.\par
\par
It is not their fault that they have HIV AIDS they are born with it. So it is Sevalaya\rquote s Mission to give them a happy and complete life in every possible way..\par
27. Taprish\par
\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://taprishngo.com }}{\fldrslt{http://taprishngo.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Taprish is a National and Global synergy working to stimulate the under privileged people in driving them into providing equal opportunities. By participating in this process we drive our mentors to use their knowledge and rich experience for a possibility to build counter-cyclical strategies using People, Process & Technology to deal with the conjuncture.\par
\par
The access to experiences will accelerate the process of growth, thereby helping us achieve the impossible feats in record time.\par
\par
\ldblquote Thousands of counter-cycles make growth happen while hundreds are some and dozens are few.\rdblquote\par
28. universal smile life charitable foundation\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://unislcf.cfsites.org }}{\fldrslt{http://unislcf.cfsites.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Vision\par
To promote and interests and over all welfare of socially, educationally and economically down trodden people of India. \ldblquote Quality education for all children.\rdblquote\par
Mission\par
To evolve and implement educational, economic and health oriented programs for under privileged and weaker sections of society including women, youth, handicapped, working children, gypsies, urban and rural poor to enhance their social and economic well being. To establish institution care for children, youth, and orphans and to create self employment for men & women in rural areas all other needy.\par
29. READS Rural Education And Development Society \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.readscpt.org.in }}{\fldrslt{http://www.readscpt.org.in\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
READS Rural Education And Development Society is a registered voluntary organization involved in the Education,Health,Skill training,MR residential Special school,Micro Financial lending to SHG members and rural development activities in Thiruvannamalai district 7 young professional and like-minded people joined together and started this organization since 1992. It is registered under Tamil Nadu societies Registration Act. It is mainly focusing on \lquote empowerment of the people in remote rural villages of Thiruvannamalai Dt the poorest of the development.\rquote  It believes in people\rquote s ability to respond their own situations by creating awareness on their needs and the resources available to satisfy the needs through collective efforts.\par
\par
30. Rural Integrated Development Trust\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://ridtrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://ridtrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
RIDT is a Non Governmental Organisation working with the rural Women and children  since 1997.\par
\par
It was initiated by the Mrs.Shanthi Social worker from Bangalore, who felt a strong inclination to reach out to the neglected children and youth on the streets of Bangalore.  that work with and for youth, especially the emarginated ones.\par
\par
Over the past years RIDT has responded to the growing needs and demands of our young friends in various ways, each of which has led to several different projects that seek to empower the marginalized child. We believe that every child has the right to shine, like a diamond in the rough and every child has the right to live life in all its fullness. \par
31. Society For Poor People Development\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://sppdonline.org// }}{\fldrslt{https://sppdonline.org//\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
SPPD is a Non Profit, Charity and Community Development organization that envisions a secured & sustainable community with focus on developing sections of society that are at risk and most deserving under five thematic areas. Education and skill development focuses on providing Quality education towards wholesome development for the under privileged children and Vocational skill training for rewarding careers to the rural youth. This is aimed at ensuring fundamental rights of the deprived children and youth.\par
\par
Similarly providing nutritious food supplements to the child victims of HIV/AIDS from pathetically poor families forms an important initiative of our organization. The intervention among women aims at developing women especially those from the resource poor and marginalized communities through building their capacity to become self reliant.\par
\par
SPPD promotes the organic farming methods for sustainable agriculture among the small dry land farmers in Tamilnadu. Similarly SPPD while extending relief and rehabilitation for the victims of disasters like flood, cyclones, earthquake, makes it a point to keep the poor communities disaster prepared, through continuous sensitization and training. Our target communities belong to the central districts of Trichy, Namkkal and Karur and the northern districts of Chennai, Trivellore and Kancheepuram of Tamilnadu state in South India.\par
32. the Sarswati shanmugam public charitable trust\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.sspct.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.sspct.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
The Trust was officially a registered as Charitable Trust under the India 1857 Act at the District Registrar office. Thiruvannamalai on the 13th Dec 1996.\par
\par
The members of the trust were having a plan to create this trust about 3 years ago to offer a meaningful social services to the needy persons identified as beneficiaries of their programmes on completion of the following tasks ie.\par
\par
To seek sufficient knowledge, skill and experience to handle creation bona-fide development program at the respective project areas.\par
To select the project area and identify the target groups according to their criteria.\par
To Identify the problems of the target group and design suitable remedies to rehabilitate their life.\par
To create partnership for development with the Government Departments, Banks NGOS, Schools, Womens federations and resource persons to promote the infra structure of the NGO.\par
To organize and conduct various IEC programmes in the project area with the team of experts to make the target group to become eligible to rehabilitate their life.\par
Reference to the above factors the trust had taken a meaningful step to create an effective contact and communication with the grown up NGOS, SHGS and women's federations to seek their guidance, motivation and assistance to function as an ideal NGO in future to serve their target groups. At the beginning the NGO has to depend for fund from the grown-up NGOS, SHGS, Women's Federations as well as from the men of good will to perform their task for the realization of the programme. Later on through their communications and the services rendered to the public, they were able to build-up their capacity to raise funds locally for the planning and implementation of their programmes of the respective project area.\par
\par
At present the trust is functioning at Thiuvannamalai district in Tamilnadu, South India. They have adopted 3 blocks named as Kalasapakkam, Polur and Thurinjipuram as their project area. The vision of the trust is listed as below.\par
\par
Vision\par
Vision of the SSPCT is the Integrated Development and creation of a Just Society based on the Global values of Justice, Peace, Love and Unity where equality prevails at all levels and human values are respected.\par
\par
Mission\par
The World peace and prosperity are threatened by the disparity between the poor and the rich. This unequal distribution of wealth paves the way for unrest and strife. Hence it is our endeavor to improve the economic condition of the common man, especially those who live in the rural areas, through development based on maximum utilization of natures\rquote  generous supply of physical and human resources\par
33. AVS Trust\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.avstrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.avstrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Mission\par
Love, trust and respect are the fundamental values of the education we provide. We foster creativity and common understanding for each other and the environment, we strive for empathy and harmony in all we do and we share the responsibility to care for what we build together: a learning community for children and people of the surrounding villages to create a bright future.\par
Vision\par
Our declared goal is not only to give each of our children the very best primary school education they can attain, but also to teach them to love each other, respect each other, and help each other wherever they can. We foster our children's creativity and common understanding of each other and of the environment, and we strive for empathy and harmony in all we do - always keeping in mind that through our students we reach the villages' people, and therefore make a change in society.\par
Values\par
Always keeping in mind that through our students we reach the villages' people, and therefore make a change in society.\par
34, The Kathryn\rquote s Mercy Home Trust \par
web-  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.kathrynsmercyhome.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.kathrynsmercyhome.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
The Kathryn\rquote s Mercy Home Trust (UK), is the British charity that supports the work of Rev J. Jeyapaul with Dalit children and families in Devakottai, Tamil Nadu South India.\par
Devakottai is situated east of Madurai, in the state of Tamil Nadu, South India. Tamil Nadu is hot, dry, flat and barren, with only one monsoon each year. The majority of the population, from the untouchable Dalit caste, work the land, living in extreme poverty in remote rural villages. Landowners view their labourers as property. Housing for many is basic, without electricity, running water, or sewerage. Without education, children can only follow their parents\rquote  footsteps, leaving school at the age of 9 to work in the fields\par
Amidst this deprivation, the Kathryn\rquote s Mercy Home stands as a beacon of hope. It provides board, lodging and an education for Dalit children until they are 16 or 17. It gives them the opportunity to study for a profession or go on to college or university and so the chance for them, and their families, to escape grinding poverty.\par
35. the Global Watch Trust \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.globalwatchtrust.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.globalwatchtrust.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
     Based in Thiruvannamalai South India, the Global Watch Trust was founded to help local women and children through education and training.Plastic disposal is the main focus of this creative organization. In fact we are working towards a PLASTIC FREE ARUNACHALA. Our goal is to clean up Thiruvannamalai both of solid waste and noise pollution. With a strong focus on education we are working with the community to promote awareness and responsibility in these matters. Educating women and children in computers, women\rquote s rights and environmental well being is vital   to  our success. Helping people to help themselves. Working to clean up the holy city of Arunachala is the commitment of the Trust. Global Watch Trust or WATCHE is an organization dedicated to bringing about a positive change both locally and in the world.\par
\par
WATCHE stands for Global Women Awareness Training and Children Education Development and was founded by Mr. Sathyan VS, Mr. Thirunavukarasu and other successful businessmen in Thiruvannamalai.\par
36. Good News Movement Society \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://goodnewsmovement.org }}{\fldrslt{http://goodnewsmovement.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Good News Movement Society is a Non-profitable, Non-Government Organization set-up in 1996 in Cuddalore.\par
\par
Good News Movement works for the social, economic and educational uplift of the marginalized village community.\par
\par
Good News Movement registered under Tamil Nadu societies act 1975 and has 12AA, 80G and FCRA.\par
\par
Presently, it is working on a \ldblquote Smart Street Toilets\rdblquote  project as per Clean India Movement as well as respect for woman. Everyone feels disturbed while seeing someone is urinating in public, spitting in public and throwing garbage.\par
\par
Good News Movement takes pride in taking action for providing education on health and hygiene, water and sanitation, women\rquote s rights, consumers\rquote  right, legal awareness, right to information act. land rights, child rights, human rights and functional literacy.\par
37. Hariksha Peoples Welfare Trust \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.harikshatrust.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.harikshatrust.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Hariksha Peoples Welfare Trust serving for more than 8 years, we are assisting individuals, families & Communities - poor, orphan, abandoned, physically challenged, differently abled, socially deprived, diseased.\par
\par
At Hariksha we completely believe in and invest in ethics, we organize the standard based service to the needy, neglected, deprived people.\par
\par
By understanding the needs of the underprivileged people we were able explore & gather the support in and around, to provide the best service to the beneficiaries.\par
\par
The quality of service is evident in the implementation and the results of our activities / projects... \par
\par
38. Development Education Centre is a social service organization \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.anbalaya.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.anbalaya.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Development Education Centre is a social service organization working for differently abled, children and women in Northern Chennai and Tiruvallur District. The founder of the organization who is service oriented has seen that there is lack of services to educate and to train the differently abled especially intellectually challenged. Due to the ignorance and lack of awareness among the parents, children are socially neglected. Hence Development Education Centre is established in the year 1996, to guide and counsel the disabled persons in the community, to enable the economically backward children and to empower the self-help group. The dedicative work is strongly based on the self less service of the staffs, volunteers and supporters. They are the pillars of DEC \f1\endash  AnbalayA. \f0\par
39. Galaxy foundations \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://galaxyfoundations.com }}{\fldrslt{http://galaxyfoundations.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Galaxy foundations Pvt Ltd \f1\endash  is an enterprise committed to building aspirations and delivering value. Since 1980 \endash  Galaxy foundations , the market leader, has played a major role in the real estate industry. We are a professionally managed company that has promoted 100+ projects  in and around Chennai, Tamilnadu. In line with our philosophy of creating superior living spaces that re\u-1278?ect our belief, we also offer tastefully chosen plotted development spaces in selected locations.\par
\par
Our success recipe\rquote s ingredients are best value for our clients, constant innovations, customized services, focus on quality, most importantly value for money, their by creating lasting relationships with our clients.\par
\par
Investing in Properties of  Galaxy Foundations  is an assured appreciation of property year after year as we take efforts to hand over CLEAR TITLE properites at affordable rates in prime locations.\f0\par
40. national mother and child welfare org.\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://namcoindia.org.in }}{\fldrslt{http://namcoindia.org.in\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Vision\tab  and\tab Mission\par
To make a dignity living for rural poor and protecting their basic rights.\tab  \par
To create enabling environment for protecting child rights and ensuring sustainable livelihood for marginalized community\par
41. People's Awareness and Legal and Movement \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.palamngo.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.palamngo.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
PALAM is a not-for-profit organization in the country working since 2004, well known in Tamilnadu, India, for its commitment to work with marginalized sections of the society and empower them to attain dignified quality life. Over the last ten years, PALAM has been working relentlessly to bring about qualitative behavioral change and impact on basic life of over fifty thousand people. Its bottom-up approach of inclusive development has changed basic needs and status of many poor and has led the path in sustainable development. Under various programs, many poor have benefitted including of around 200 women through women empowerment program (Tailoring), 1000 villagers through environmental interventions and 500 families through family and community counseling programs. Apart from this, PALAM has a full-fledged Skill Upgradation Program which has converted hundreds of youth into skilled and productive members of society through Computer and other self employed training and workshops.\par
\par
PALAM had been worked effectively in national disasters such as Tsunami in 2004. There were 92 houses, 64 temporary shelters and\par
\par
15 temporary community centres have been constructed in Nagapattinam District in Tamilnadu.   Our organization has also been worked in another disaster NISHA cyclone flood in Tamilnadu. We are being conducted shelf employment awareness programmes in various villages and we are being encouraged the people to start self supporting groups in their villages. We have effectively involved in \ldblquote SAVE THE GIRL CHILD\rdblquote  Programmes in various districts in Tamilnadu. We are keen to organize various empowerment and entrepreneurship programmes and workshops in Tamilnadu.\par
42. Helping Hands Charitable Trust \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://charityhelpinghands.com }}{\fldrslt{http://charityhelpinghands.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Helping Hands Charitable Trust is a voluntary charitable organization operating for more than 23 years from Calicut with all Kerala spheres of activities. It is a unique venture in the field of social services, which has been instrumental in delivering social services to the poor, needy and downtrodden with only pure innocent intentions seeking pleasure.  It has been successful in implanting new ideas in medical care for the terminally ill and cancer patients.  Began with free distribution of medicines and food to the poor patients in Calicut medical college and Beach hospital,  We later started free distribution of medical equipment like  Oxygen Concentrator, Wheelchair, Walker, Water bed, Airbed, NIV etc.. to poor patients under medical advice.\par
43. society of rural devlopment promotion servies\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.srdps.org }}{\fldrslt{https://www.srdps.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
VISION\par
To provide care and protection for women and children under social distress and to work for promotion and development of women\rquote s life in society\par
\par
MISSION\par
To provide care and protection for women and children under social distress and to work for promotion and development of women\rquote s life in society\par
\par
SRDPS works for promotion and development of women and children under needs in the society. Through the schemes UJJAWALA and SWADHAR, we rescue, care and protect, provide medical aids, counsel, rehabilitate and reintegrate abandoned, destitute, trafficked and sexually exploited women and children. We rescue and care abandoned and surrendered babies and provide them good life through legal adoption by which the childless family and adopted child lives happily.\par
\par
\par
44. ullam foundation\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ullamfoundation.in }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ullamfoundation.in\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Vision:\par
To become a service organization of international reach and repute for charity endeavors, work for gainful education, adept health and conducive living conditions of the pretermitted.\par
\par
Mission:\par
The Mission of the Trust is to involve in non-profit, charitable activities in the area of education, environment, medical and human services by providing a support system to improve the education and safeguard of the environment.\par
\par
Motto:\par
Towards Education, Health and Environment\'85\par
\par
Objectives:\par
Identify deficiency in public educational institutions and enhance the quality of amenities and the faculty.\par
To bring about a significant positive change in the quality of education delivered.\par
To efficiently link the deserving institutions/students with donors willing to aid.\par
To identify and gather a group of capable individuals volunteering the task of imparting and ensuring quality education and amenities to the deserving students.\par
To supports activities that develop quality medical/health care services for needy people and to improve the living condition of community.\par
To conduct General Medical/Health Camps, Blood Donation Camps, etc.\par
To promote/support the use of sustainable natural resources to save our environment for the future generations.\par
\par
45. Bethel Institute of Basic Level Education\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.elohimbible.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.elohimbible.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
OUR VISION:\par
"I will do all I have promised" (from Bible), Enriching the disabled, Encouraging the mentally challenged.\par
\par
OUR MISSION:\par
Maximizing the abilities and minimizing disabilities.\par
46. Mother Teresa Charitable Trust (MTCT)'\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.motherteresacharities.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.motherteresacharities.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Mother Teresa Charitable Trust (MTCT)'s history starts with the story of compassion. The mammoth crowd that followed the adieu procession of the legend Mother Teresa, Dr.G.K.Dhas, a kind hearted social activist took up the challenge of being and working for the poor. From this simple, yet heart breaking incident, brought the determination that, to take the mantle of Mother Teresa, that "Service to Mankind is Service to God". The inspiration which helped to create "Mother Teresa Charitable Trust" is being carried out all these years. We took the initiative with the vision that "No one shall be deprived of the basic needs". The overwhelming response from the general public is the impetus for the growth of Mother Teresa Charitable Trust. Now Mother Teresa Charitable Trust functions as a social relief NGO striving for the upliftment of poor, sick, downtrodden and the under privileged. The vision of the Mother Teresa Charitable Trust is to spread the ideals of Mother Teresa and motivate the younger generation to render service to the less fortunate. Its sub unit "Mother Teresa Forum" enrolls members and forms committees at national state, district, taluk and village levels. Mother Teresa Charitable Trust serves with the motto of "Service to Humanity". With the partnership of Government & various State governments, as well as the generosity of thousands of our supporters, we have grown from a small endeavor to a mammoth force that stretches across the wide chemesphere . All these years MTCT serve the under privileged and the needy to transform a vision into a reality. Our fight will continue till the last breath of a suffering mass.\par
\par
47. VET (Vallalar Educational Trust) \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.vetngo.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.vetngo.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
VET (Vallalar Educational Trust) is an NGO (Non Govermental Organization) registered in the year 2004 with the N0-17/2004 in Trust Act. The functionary place is Kanjanur Village, Villupuram district, Tamilnadu, India.VET is dedicated to empower the people in the villages through social, economical and children's educational development for creating a sustainable village atmosphere. VET initially started the activities working in a primary school and has continued to grow and educate the local community. VET aims at Rural Welfare Reforms for the Indian Woman and Girl Child, Social welfare and Health Welfare. We assist women by forming self-help groups, leadership training, income generation programme, immunisation and family planning advice, and mother and child nutrition programmes. \par
\par
Vallalar Educational Trust is dedicated to support the weaker sections of the society with a holistic, sustainable and diversified approach.\par
48. ANUGRAHA CHARITABLE TRUST \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://anugrahahome.org }}{\fldrslt{http://anugrahahome.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
VISION:\par
\par
To provide care, confidence and a comfortable meaningful living to special children\par
To provide a happy, healthy and serene atmosphere to old people to lead their life in pride and dignity.\par
To make Life worth Living.\par
\par
ACT focuses on Possibilities and not on the Limitations.\par
\par
MISSION:\par
\par
ANUGRAHA CHARITABLE TRUST strives to achieve their vision through:\par
Top Level commitment to achieve these special goals.\par
State of art infrastructure and trained team of dedicated personnel to provide Quality Care in Life with Happy, Hygienic and Healthy surroundings.\par
Education, Training and Vocational Guidance to children with developmental difficulties to overcome deficiencies and to empower to lead a meaningful life.\par
Nurture lasting partnership between special children, their families and society.\par
Conduct lectures, seminars and discourses on proactive ageing and mental peace for senior citizens to lead a healthy, dignified and purposeful life.\par
Network on behalf of special children and old people with relevant Government and private institutions and orgonisations.\par
49. ATMASANGA\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.atmasanga.com }}{\fldrslt{http://www.atmasanga.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
ATMASANGA literally means the \lquote coming together of souls\rquote . Humans have chosen to ignore the fact that this beautiful world will remain so only if we decide to preserve and protect her. We cannot afford to exploit and plunder our natural resources and defile the environment indefinitely. We have reached a point in time when we should STOP, THINK and ACT!\par
\par
Atmasanga Environment Alliance is a modest organization that hopes to create a mighty change in the way people think. We are motivated by the ideals of our parent organization AUROVILLE; its greater goal of working towards peace, harmony and human unity.We invite people from all walks of life to JOIN this campaign to help make a difference by CREATING AWARENESS and by infusing a SENSE OF RESPONSIBILITY in our society. It is imperative that we remind ourselves and our fellow beings that THE EARTH DOES NOT BELONG TO US.. WE BELONG TO THE EARTH!\par
50. The Tamil word Karunaii encompasses empathy\par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://karunaii.org }}{\fldrslt{http://karunaii.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
The Tamil word Karunaii encompasses empathy, love and a helping hand. These are the concepts that guide the Karunaii Trust set up to address the urgent need for specialized care of mentally retarded children, particularly those from underpriviliged sections of society.Condemned and ostracized by the mainstream, these children are victims of physical, sexual and psychological abuse.From a small building in Saidapet, Chennai, in southern India, Karunaii's small but dedicated team help these children help themselves through education and day care. True to its name, Karunaii's commitment does not stop with the emotional and educational needs of special children through workshops and awareness campaigns.The Karunaii Trust believes that through intensive care, greater social awareness and networking of resources, these special children can become valuable members of the larger community.\par
51. Karunalaya Social Service Society \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://karunalaya.ngo }}{\fldrslt{https://karunalaya.ngo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Karunalaya Social Service Society is a secular, non-profit voluntary organisation working for the protection and development of street and working children in Chennai City since 1995. It was started as a grass roots organisation for the care, protection and rehabilitation of runaway, destitute street children, children working in the fishing industry, street youth and empowerment of women in the fishing community, street and pavement dwelling communities\par
\par
Karunalaya has branched into many areas of work in the last years, yet, its central programme continues to be the rescue, shelter home care, food, clothing, health care, formal and non formal education for runaway street and working children (boys and girls), and offers counselling, and family tracing and reunification.\par
\par
Karunalaya\rquote s mission is the protection of the rights of the most vulnerable and disadvantaged children and women, and the promotion of a just and loveable society.\par
\par
52. Rural Education and Action for Liberation (REAL) \par
web- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://realvpm.org }}{\fldrslt{https://realvpm.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
ORIGIN\par
\par
REAL was initiated in the year 1989 by a handful of enthusiastic and committed youth in and around Ennayiram Village in Villupuram district in Tamil Nadu. It was founded and led by Mr. A. Lawrence along with the young companions who were involved in providing services to the neglected, marginalized, exploited and illiterate rural poor people, in order to free them from the clutches of poverty, ignorance, ill health and social suppression.\par
\par
VISION\par
\par
The vision of Rural Education and Action for Liberation (REAL) is a transformed society that has control over the resources and exercises their rights and power in socio-economic and political decision making process to ensure social justice, equal opportunity and equitable sharing of resources for sustainable development which ultimately reflects in quality of life.\par
\par
MISSION\par
\par
To establish and strengthen community-based organizations at village level and federating the community based organizations (CBO\rquote s) at area level to form a mass movement to implement, manage and advocate socioeconomic development of the target area and function as a pressure group to influence the micro and macro level political decision making process in favour of CBO\rquote s and poor communities.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 